Set calling settings and manage delegates (#8699)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsUserCallingSettings.md

```

### Forwarding
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -IsForwardingEnabled <Boolean> -ForwardingType <String> [-ForwardingTarget <String>] -ForwardingTargetType <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UnansweredOnOff
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -IsUnansweredEnabled <Boolean> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Unanswered
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -IsUnansweredEnabled <Boolean> [-UnansweredTarget <String>] -UnansweredTargetType <String> -UnansweredDelay <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CallGroup
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -CallGroupOrder <String> -CallGroupTargets <String[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CallGroupMembership
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -GroupMembershipDetails <ICallGroupMembershipDetails[]> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CallGroupNotification
```powershell
Set-CsUserCallingSettings -Identity <String> -GroupNotificationOverride <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet sets the call forwarding, simultaneous ringing and call group settings for the specified user.

> When specifing settings you need to specify all settings with a settings grouping, for instance you can't just change a forwarding target. In stead you need to start by getting the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying settings you need to specify all settings with a settings grouping, for instance, you can't just change a forwarding target. Instead you need to start by getting the current
```
